Okay jump introducing we're on the
channel now come on
how are you guys doing many of you would
have expected me and Ali to be there in
the pbd show unfortunately we couldn't
make it and there was actually an
extenuating circumstance frankly our
visas are still being processed and uh
the pbd team wanted to continue on this
on that particular day on the 21st and
they were going to choose their own two
opponents we decided no we're going to
step in and choose ourselves and so we
chose Daniel and Jake the Muslim
metaphysician two very highly acclaimed
High Caliber Debaters which you saw
masha'allah they've represented very
well and what I wanted to do in this
particular show or this particular
reaction video was to react to some key
points of the podcast
um first and foremost I think we really
when we were planning for this debate
let's say Ali yeah we I think we
overestimated our opponents didn't we we
did greatly I mean we was prepared
anyways but what they were going to come
with and what we saw was um cliche I
mean
nothing different yes because we were
planning and whenever we do have
something that we a debate that we have
to go for we plan for it we train for it
we prepare for it so we read his uh you
know his books and Rasheed has got a
channel in Arabic and I thought he was
going to bring some technical powers to
the table unfortunately what we saw was
a fumbling disfluent uh individual who
couldn't even express himself in the
English language emotionally making all
these arguments couldn't even answer
maybe even understand some of the
questions that were being told he seemed
like an emotional wreck like he reminded
me of a woman on on a minstis you know
because sometimes they get emotional in
that time all he's doing was just
emotions and emotions and these
arguments and you know what's very
interesting hijab is that they think
that these arguments would work like it
did 10 years ago you need to understand
that there is so much tolerance that
people are now attractive to intolerance
so the point is what and at that
instance you saw that all he was doing
is like and these were all Muslim Lies
by the way kill Raid kill me this I know
this story I know that story blah blah
blah blah blah machine gun machine gun
tactic and guess what it actually
backfired so bad when we look at the
pole we're gonna come to that after we
can look at that that's very good
because even in the pbd audience yes as
you mentioned the the neutral Observer
was looking at that and not rating their
performance two questions even
notwithstanding the fact that the
moderator was Christian himself exactly
it's not a Muslim channel here we're
talking no no I was shocked after the
poll I was scared when I was going to
pull when I looked at the poll Rasheed
hamam yeah all this time I'm in toilet
yeah something is oh okay sorry
so basically he was actually right at
the bottom and I thought people watching
me sympathize with him people would
fought to himself what an emotional and
who was at the top Daniel hakikachu and
Jake and that means you know that when I
looked at that I was like exactly the
thought process of people because we've
been attacked by the neft all of us both
Christians and Muslims and even uh
Patrick
um and I need to say he was quite Fair
as well that the fact that he was saying
look common ground but we always saw was
we didn't see two Christians it was as
if two Muslims were these two liberals
yeah that's what it was that's what it
was and because what it is is that
they're both trained in philosophy both
Daniel and Jake and what they did in the
very beginning was very clever because
what they've done was they impact yes
the philosophical presuppositions and in
both cases what they were doing was
effectively was correct they were
presenting a secular liberal attack of
Islam literally but they're Christians
so what what the the tactic That Was
Then employed was well if you guys are
Christians you should be believing in
the Old Testament now of course we know
that Christian is going to respond and
say well there's the old Covenant and
the New Covenant that you know Jesus if
you believe in him you know solo feeder
you don't have to necessarily believe in
all these minutiae rules in the Old
Testament but the way that was retorted
to I think was fantastically done by
Jake exactly and it was expertly
executed so I want to just react on that
yes because I think it was the first
goal and I was very very happy to see
that yeah very proud of him and just
look at Robert Spence's his reactions
look at his reaction unbelievable really
so let's take a look at what he has to
say yeah so I would ask Robert a very
simple question that I think gets at
what the real issue actually is do you
believe that it's inherently immoral for
an apostate to be put to death do I
an apostle inherently immoral well I
know this is some kind of trap but in
any case no I don't see any honesty on
your part that's all you can always have
honesty on my part already this is this
is a shocking admission of course he
says okay well is this something which
is immoral because the thing is if we're
if we're interested in knowing what the
truth is right we're interested in what
proves something to be the truth exactly
and what proves or disproves something
to be the truth in other words what has
creedal disproving implications exactly
because now you might not like a
morality you might find it aesthetically
unpleasing doesn't it it doesn't make it
false it doesn't make it false so the
point is this is that when he was asked
because Patrick asked him what's your
biggest challenge with Islam what's your
biggest gripe and he responded is
sanctification of violence so in other
words his strongest argument against
Islam this is a career Islam of written
27 books yes his strongest argument
against Islam is that it endorses
violence now Jake is doing the right
thing and say okay well if this is your
standard yes well then let's see what
else crumbles exactly and how is it that
this is your standard anyway he's going
into a meta-ethical question is this
thing which you're considering apostasy
Law whatever it may be do you consider
it to be objectively false is it a
morality which is false if it is so then
let's deal with the next part and I
think here watch it now just watching
crumbled more than an apple crumble
everything I tell you is the truth okay
and the fact is that yeah I don't know I
I tell you the truth I haven't thought
about it okay I haven't thought about it
when you're writing all these books
right and you don't even know if this is
inherently immoral that's quite sure I
would say that I don't think that it's
moral to put the apostate to death so
it's immoral when it comes to my books
about Islam I'm just reporting on what
Islamic clerics and the Islamic
tradition teaches about passages like
when Muhammad says if somebody changes
his religion kill him so if you look for
example in chapter 4 verse 89 of the
Quran in the critical Quran where it
says if they turn Renegade then come and
kill them wherever you find them then I
give Islamic authorities who actually
say that this should be done and that is
something people need to know by the way
that verse has got nothing to do with uh
apostasy zero so 489 is not this is a
misquotation yes okay but let's continue
anyway yeah now whether you're talking
about in the ideal Society you have
apostates put to death I don't think so
because I believe in the freedom of
conscience and the idea that the of the
Dignity of the human person which is a
Christian concept it's not in Islam you
have an Islam you know the unbelievers
are the most vile of created beings
according to it that's false again I
mean he's saying it's a Christian
concept
we have dignified the human being so
what he's saying is actually
antithetical to the text and what he
says here is that you know the most vile
creatures uh are the disbelievers he's
referring to sort of yes they are very
it's not vile in fact here means the
most evil yes so let's have some good
trans you meant to translate the Quran
doesn't even know the Arabic language
imagine someone who doesn't know a
language translating a book he's got a
book that is translated and he's not
even translating it correctly and his
friend who's meant to be an Arabic
speaker who's been refuted profusely by
the way at the highest level by uh
Muhammad Rashid who looked at his videos
and he was trying to imitate the Quran
and he saw so many grammatical mistakes
and stuff the guys have laughingstock in
the Arab world and he was defeated he
was humiliated by one person
a doctor in comparative religion he's
made he's not even stepping in to help
his friend here telling him you're
translating incorrect Russian
all people are equal in dignity as made
in the image of God and so in that sense
I would say no I don't think it is so is
it inherently immoral yes or no can I
answer that it is so when the Bible when
Deuteronomy since you like to quote the
Quran when the Bible says this in
Deuteronomy 13 6 if your brother the son
of your mother your son of or your son
of your daughter the wife of your bosom
or your friend who as as your own soul
secretly entices you saying quote let us
go and serve other gods which you have
not known neither you nor your fathers
of the Gods of the people which are all
around you near to you or far from you
from one end of the Earth to the other
end of the Earth You shall not consent
to him or listen to him nor shall your
eye pity him nor shall you spare him or
conceal him but you shall surely kill
him your hand shall be first against him
to to put him to death and afterward the
hand of all the people and you shall
Stone him with stones until he dies
because he sought to entice you away
from the Lord your God who brought you
out of the land of Egypt from the house
of bondage so all Israel shall hear and
fear and not again do such wickedness as
this among you so when let me let me
finish
so when you are loving God Jesus Christ
who you believe is God who revealed the
Old Testament and revealed this as a law
for the people and you said that it's
inherently immoral for the punishment of
apostasy to be death then you are
charging your own God and supposedly
loving Jesus with immorality not at all
if you don't see that contradiction and
hypocrisy well it's not in the least
contradictory or hypocritical because
that is God actually ordering something
that's not wrong for that now the
question here is whether the Muslims
when they put people to death for
apostasy today are likewise authorized
by God in some direct manner now
obviously yes the question is it's not
inherently immoral it just matters what
is the correct religion and whether or
not is actually revealing it yeah if you
study the Old Testament you will
actually find that there's a great deal
of discussion about passages like that
and whether they are actually commands
by God whether they were understood by
the faithful interpretations by the
faithful the evolving understanding in
the Old Testament and the new and in
Jewish Christian tradition is something
that unfortunately is absent in Islam
such that in Jewish and Christian
tradition you have the understanding of
the Dignity of the human person that
ultimately made people realize that
putting people to death for apostasy was
not something that was acceptable but
the idea that it was the localized
command at some point or understood to
be such that is not the same thing as
people nowadays thinking they are the
executors of the wrath of Allah because
Muhammad says if anybody changes his
religion kill him and the Quran says
that you can soothe your Your Heart by
fighting the unbelievers
he completely went away from it and he
went to the Muslims well do you blame
him no no no this needs to be
highlighted exactly but what he done is
he completely trapped exactly he
absolutely trapped him yes because the
point is this is that when you think
about it yes if this thing is inherently
more subjectively wrong okay you think
it's objectively wrong so it's not it
doesn't matter it's irrespective whether
this thing is being commanded whether
Jesus is commanding us as part of the
Triune God to kill a three-year-old or a
one-year-old or a six-year-old whatever
it may be uh thousands of years ago
versus whether it's doing it now in
other words if a three-year-old is being
commanded to be killed at any point in
time if it's inherently wrong it should
be wrong then and wrong now it should be
wrong not only that he's admitting that
his God was wrong for doing that yeah he
needs he needs to understand but what he
does go he goes on to say he says these
things are fables and this is and the
amount of hermeneutical gymnastics this
shows you it's in heretic absolutely but
the thing is he he doesn't care these
people don't care about defending their
religion yes they care about attacking
Islam because the thing is once again
the question at hand is what credible
does proving implications does this have
let's say it's true there is a
processary law let's say there's a
blasphemy law but all these laws are in
the in the law the Jewish Prudence the
fear of Islam so what the question is so
what how does this disprove Islam
exactly that's the question and then
worse yet is that when you apply it to
your own books
if you think it disproves it then it
will disprove your own books and it
doesn't disprove it because there's no
philosophical reason for it to disprove
it it's because the question is this is
it logically possible for a god
effectively to to allow an apostasy law
to to happen to command yes is it
logically possible if it's logically
impossible now you have to bring
theological justification for that and
these guys are worked completely out of
their depths with this question he's
completely knocked out here knocked down
in the first round so I have to rate
honestly Jake down a very very very good
job here and obviously Daniel does a
fantastic job as well they both do a
good job together I think they they
presented this the Islamic apartment
quite well yes I would have liked to say
a little bit more tahit being emphasized
because you could see when it was the
Trinity was being attacked these guys
run away these guys run away
and what you have to say because we want
to do another video maybe yeah no I
think yes we'll do another video uh we
will touch up on different points as
well but here it's for him and you can
see we we knew this on our you know upon
us when we was going to face them but
they are very very scared on their own
scripture that's right they're terrified
so that's what you see the moment he
mentioned that with the moment Jake
mentioned that you can see him crumbling
you can see his absolute problem
is absolutely quiet in the matter and
the fact that he said inherently it is
um immoral you have now is can you
imagine me saying that Allah inherently
done something that is immoral that's
right
I'm done but the Christians today they
don't care about the Bible their
hostility towards Islam and Muslims
that's a such a level they have
forgotten the Bible they forgot about
preaching it they forgot about the
Trinity they do not talk about anything
and we see this because we see it
everywhere yes they are speaking about
nothing but Islam and this is shocking I
mean we are so sure of our faith that we
talk about Islam we talk about the Quran
we talk about the prophet's life and
thousands if not millions of people come
to Islam around the world it's as if
these people are just fixated and their
animosity and hatred has overridden
their logical thought process but
they're not realizing like these two
individuals if somebody was from an
outsider they don't think they're too
liberals exactly and this is this is
what won the argument because they're
looking and thinking look we're getting
attacked by the left the liberal
worldview and have a bad and that's why
because these guys keep compromising
from their face exactly that's why
Patrick was even agreeing with the
Muslims in this aspect and it showed
very clearly who the general public
whose side they're on and that's the
Muslim because we stand firm to our
faith and we are proud out of all the
legislation in the Sharia we are not
cowards and two-faced individuals like
these these these uh Robert Spence and
Russia hamam yeah for that matter that
they have thrown their religion under
the bus yeah alhamdulillah what was seen
there even for some that are watching
right oh Islam says that yes argument
said most of us was alive but what it
shows is as Muslims bro the distortions
the misrepresentations to our faith
absolutely
I think that's a good video we'll do
another couple of videos in reaction
there will be a follow-up insha Allah
and our visas are being processed so
might be going to the pbd show ourselves
uh but having said that uh this was a
good showing and I'm very very proud of
both brothers and alhamdulillah was
something which we can be all proud
about
it's gone